Databene Starter
================

A simple maven pom.xml file to aid non-java/maven users easily start using databene benerator. 

Databene Benerator is an *awesome* tool for generating test data and/or move data from production to test environments while anonymizing it (among other things). Really, if you don't know what databene is, please check it out at [http://databene.org/benerator](http://databene.org/benerator). Benerator is a ridiculous powerfull tool.

Overview
---------

The thing about benerator is that, given it's full range of features, for starters it may seem a little hard to play. It's documentation is not always up-to date (still very good tou and a must read). Samething happens with it the templates generated by it's gui wizard. If you are used to maven or java projects, that would be not a problem, but if you are a coming from other languages it may be hard to get it started.

This starter project aism to help on it. Just install maven and java in your system haveing them in your system's path and you are good to go. You don't need to be a maven user, just follow one of the thousands maven tutorials on the internet suited to your OS.

Than clone this repository and ran ``mvn benerator:generate``. Maven will take care of downloading it's dependencies and executing benerator through it's maven plugin.

If all it's good you should see an output with some random people data set composed of names and phones. From there you can start tweaking benerator.xml to your needs.

Issues
------

I'm far from being an benertor expert, but if you found yourself in need for some help, just drop me. Any ideas or improvments, send a pull request.

Credits
-------

Benerator is a product created by Volker Bergmann. Most of the files and almost all files I used were based on benerators's samples.
